Add Wallet Instance Revocation section (#542)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/wallet-revocation.rst

- *Selecting the revocation functionality from their Wallet Instance*: this functionality may be used by Users before changing their phone.
- *Using an external user agent*: this covers cases where Users lose their device, and so their access to their Wallet Instance.

In both cases, by using the Wallet Provider portal:

- Users MUST authenticate with at least a second-factor authentication mechanism, or have an active session that meets this requirement. 
- The Wallet Provider MUST allow Users to view the state of all their Wallet Instances and ask for their revocation.

Validity Verification Mechanisms
--------------------------------
The verification of the Wallet Instance validity MUST be performed:

- **During Digital Credential issuance or presentation phase** by the Credential Issuers and Relying Parties, respectively. Only Wallet Instances in Operational or Valid state have valid Wallet Attestations. Thus, the verification of the validity of a Wallet Instance is indirectly performed by Credential Issuers and Relying Parties by checking the presence of valid Wallet Attestation (i.e. not expired and signed by a trusted Wallet Provider). 

> - **During the validity period of the Digital Credential**  by the Credential Issuers. Indeed, if the Wallet Instance is revoked, the Digital Credential hosted within it must also be revoked. In the current version of the specification, Credential Issuers are directly notified of a Wallet Instance revocation by the Wallet Provider using a PDND e-service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **During the validity period of the Digital Credential**  by the Credential Issuers. Indeed, if the Wallet Instance is revoked, the PID hosted within it MUST be revoked. Any other Digital Credential obtained through the presentation of the PID MUST therefore be revoked too. In the current version of the specification, Credential Issuers are directly notified of a Wallet Instance revocation by the Wallet Provider using a PDND e-service.
```

@fmarino-ipzs we were aligned about using status list for getting the credential issuers aligned with the revocation status of the wallet instances. I suppose that this would be changes when WTE will be fully specified in the technical specs
